hello dice yeah I will show you now a
video of the charity case of the three
by three before and mine is not such a
thing which needs 30 seconds own I have
a seven turns long algorithm very nice I
figured it out yesterday and yeah so
I've decided to make a with you today
and upload it yeah okay um first I will
get into penalty and so and that was the
party other room so if you get to this
case if you have this this is the first
case where these officer I just saw what
I'm for it to this case for your last
class so all this last case so you solve
it like em like normal and if you solve
this old
then you get to this first coding that
parity case but these are small so oh
it's all so now maybe cuz yeah these and
these are not slopped so you hold it
that it's here and here here here yeah
and hold it right left and front and get
you locust you two are to f2 then only
the muck slice youtube then after our
gym you and now you can see it's
completely solved yeah and maybe you can
see here is a lot of dust but because i
finished the pile of the six-by-six
yesterday so thanks for watching he's
the fast version of the solid so and
this will talk to ya thanks for watching
please comment and yeah subscribe